README.md, before:

# Welcome!
Welcome to [Operation Code](https://github.com/OperationCode) and thanks for your interest in contributing. Everything Operation Code does is open source. We've got quite a few repos, and we understand that can be overwhelming, so you can use this list of repos to learn what the main applications are and what languages they use.

## OperationCode Backend
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_backend
#### Purpose
The backend API for https://operationcode.org.
#### Languages
Ruby
#### Frameworks
Rails

## OperationCode Frontend
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_frontend
#### Purpose
The frontend for https://operationcode.org.
#### Languages
Javascript
#### Frameworks
React


## Town Crier
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/town-crier  
#### Purpose
Slack bot with a cron like interface to notify members of Operation Code opportunities.   
#### Languages
Javascript  
#### Frameworks
node.js

## OperationCode Bot
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_bot  
#### Purpose
Slack bot for dealing with slack events. Primarily used to display interactive slack messages to create a menu like interface.  
#### Languages
Ruby
#### Frameworks
Sinatra  

## OperationCode Slash Commands
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_slash_commands  
#### Purpose
Slack bot that allows users to get information via slack's slash command UI (eg `/events`)  
#### Languages
Javascript
#### Frameworks
node.js

## Opentroops Projects
Listing of open source projects with veteran and military-affiliated contributors, and projects supporting military social issues.

https://github.com/codeforamerica/JobOps
* National Veterans Job Platform - One job, one veteran at a time.

https://github.com/va-data/va-developer
* This is a repository of APIs and data related to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). These APIs, data, tools and resources are intended to provide developers with what they need to develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations and stories using resources from the VA.

https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs
* Beta version of vets.gov.

https://github.com/mil-oss
* Repo for http://www.mil-oss.org/ , a group dedicated to utilizing & developing open technologies for national defense.

https://github.com/ronrihoo/startups-dot-vet-data
* Project to analyze veteran entrepreneurship data from http://www.startups.vet/ 

https://github.com/billy22g/veteran_companies
* Project to collect data on veteran-owned companies.

Commit message:

Update README to filter Hacktoberfest participants

README.md, after:

# Welcome!
Welcome to [Operation Code](https://github.com/OperationCode) and thanks for your interest in contributing. Everything Operation Code does is open source. We've got quite a few repos, and we understand that can be overwhelming, so you can use this list of repos to learn what the main applications are and what languages they use.

## Hacktoberfest

If you're here looking for a place to contribute pull requests as part of GitHub's "Hacktoberfest", you're in the right place! Please look forward to an increased amount of documentation and tickets. We highly recommend joining our organization at operationcode.org to receive an invite to our Slack team. From there, you'll join the `#oc-projects` channel. You can get help from multiple professional developers and people who have worked on the application since day 1! Happy hacking!

## OperationCode Backend
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_backend
#### Purpose
The backend API for https://operationcode.org.
#### Languages
Ruby
#### Frameworks
Rails

## OperationCode Frontend
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_frontend
#### Purpose
The frontend for https://operationcode.org.
#### Languages
Javascript
#### Frameworks
React


## Town Crier
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/town-crier  
#### Purpose
Slack bot with a cron like interface to notify members of Operation Code opportunities.   
#### Languages
Javascript  
#### Frameworks
node.js

## OperationCode Bot
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_bot  
#### Purpose
Slack bot for dealing with slack events. Primarily used to display interactive slack messages to create a menu like interface.  
#### Languages
Ruby
#### Frameworks
Sinatra  

## OperationCode Slash Commands
#### Link
https://github.com/OperationCode/operationcode_slash_commands  
#### Purpose
Slack bot that allows users to get information via slack's slash command UI (eg `/events`)  
#### Languages
Javascript
#### Frameworks
node.js

## Opentroops Projects
Listing of open source projects with veteran and military-affiliated contributors, and projects supporting military social issues.

https://github.com/codeforamerica/JobOps
* National Veterans Job Platform - One job, one veteran at a time.

https://github.com/va-data/va-developer
* This is a repository of APIs and data related to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). These APIs, data, tools and resources are intended to provide developers with what they need to develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations and stories using resources from the VA.

https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs
* Beta version of vets.gov.

https://github.com/mil-oss
* Repo for http://www.mil-oss.org/ , a group dedicated to utilizing & developing open technologies for national defense.

https://github.com/ronrihoo/startups-dot-vet-data
* Project to analyze veteran entrepreneurship data from http://www.startups.vet/ 

https://github.com/billy22g/veteran_companies
* Project to collect data on veteran-owned companies.
